## JpaRepository
- you do the findByX methods in the repository interface and then they are available when you autowire it.
- findBy and getBy are functionally the same but may be usefully distinct semantically when you want to distinguish between a search, and a retrieval. mostly use find ithink...

## naming conventions/ type conventions
- if all your methods are attached to the user service and can only be called from it then you dont need to specify that it is user objects being manipulated ie. userService.getAll > userService.getAllUsers()
- Use Long for Id as it most closely maps to BIGINT which is the most commonly used type in common databases. - could use integer but there is marginal performance gains. Also nullable is important as it allows for autogenerated IDs which are only generated after the entity is saved.
## Reflection
- when a program reflects on itself at runtime, and makes changes, think more reflection like thinking rather than looking, but also kind of looking.
- generally better to avoid using this as it can break down encapsulation and is less performant than other solutions
- methods in java.lang.reflect and also some others

## Sending OAuth tokens around.
- ~~see ADR 006, but also deciding to send the oauth token along with the user object rather than separately as it will be stored as part of the user object for now. janky and should be refactored but i think the quickest to get going for now.~~

__The above is wrong and i regret my decision, refactoring time__
- I need to initiate GoogleOAUTH Flow from the backend with callbeack endpoint to allow google to send the rerfesh token directly to the backend
 google doesn't send refresh  tokens to the front end and persisting access tokens that only last 1 hour is pointless

- this command working for testing basic deep linking 
```adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW -d "https://notetakingforeggs.github.io" com.notetakingforeggs.events_platform_frontend
```

# omg what n absolute nightmare. what did i learn?
- the secret from google console didnt match what i had in my credentials.json which was giving the non matching redirect url
- google doesnt seem to allow custom schemes for deep linking redirects?
- github doesnt allow appending direcly to the end of the host, so you cant use it for your assetlinks
- ai models can be confusing as fuck and often actively unhelpful (remove the colons? fr?)
- knowing what is depracated/what is recomended is hard, 
- Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) is dope af - read more of that
__ the answer is out there, and will be found__

- always double check various config values to ensure they are the same where they need to be the same
- read more manuals? or just struggling is learning?

## adb logcat | grep deep

#### Hibernate converts camelCase variable names into snake_case automatically based on capitalisation (presumably)
 - NB this seems not to be the case when parsing json through the controller though. Make fields have the same names in general where possible

I'm basically still doing MVVM in flutter, Widgets should contain no state or business logic... Service layer should just make calls to api/os/whatever, repository layer does some logic passes to viewmodel/controller which preps stuff for views, then data goes to widgest.

